capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"
set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_legacy"
set_research_slots = 3
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	heavy_infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1
}

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 48
	fascism = 50
	democratic = 1
	communism = 1
}

set_stability = 0.50

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl

add_ideas = ai_austria
